README.md, before:

# AI161 - Hands-on: Benchmark, evaluate, and optimize prompts across models

## Description

This repository contains the material for the SAP TechEd 2025 session called AI161 - Hands-on: Benchmark, evaluate, and optimize prompts across models.  

## Overview

This session introduces attendees to our new AI Core services for prompt optimizations and evaluation. 

Get hands-on experience with the prompt editor, registry, and benchmarking tools available from the generative AI hub capability in SAP AI Core. You can compare models, evaluate performance, and optimize prompts. Learn how to build resilient, model-agnostic AI workflows and avoid vendor lock-in.

## Requirements

The requirements to follow the exercises in this repository are...

## Exercises

Provide the exercise content here directly in README.md using [markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) and linking to the specific exercise pages, below is an example.

- [Getting Started](exercises/ex0/)
- [Exercise 1 - First Exercise Description](exercises/ex1/)
    - [Exercise 1.1 - Exercise 1 Sub Exercise 1 Description](exercises/ex1#exercise-11-sub-exercise-1-description)
    - [Exercise 1.2 - Exercise 1 Sub Exercise 2 Description](exercises/ex1#exercise-12-sub-exercise-2-description)
- [Exercise 2 - Second Exercise Description](exercises/ex2/)
    - [Exercise 2.1 - Exercise 2 Sub Exercise 1 Description](exercises/ex2#exercise-21-sub-exercise-1-description)
    - [Exercise 2.2 - Exercise 2 Sub Exercise 2 Description](exercises/ex2#exercise-22-sub-exercise-2-description)

  
**OR** Link to the Tutorial Navigator for example...

Start the exercises [here](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/abap-environment-trial-onboarding.html).

**IMPORTANT**

Your repo must contain the .reuse and LICENSES folder and the License section below. DO NOT REMOVE the section or folders/files. Also, remove all unused template assets(images, folders, etc) from the exercises folder. 

## Contributing
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand the contribution guidelines.

## Code of Conduct
Please read the [SAP Open Source Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP-samples/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## How to obtain support

Support for the content in this repository is available during the actual time of the online session for which this content has been designed. Otherwise, you may request support via the [Issues](../../issues) tab.

## License
Copyright (c) 2024 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This project is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt) file.

Commit message:

updated reuse.toml and overview read.me

README.md, after:

# AI161 - Hands-on: Benchmark, evaluate, and optimize prompts across models

## Description

This repository contains the material for the SAP TechEd 2025 session called AI161 - Hands-on: Benchmark, evaluate, and optimize prompts across models.  

## Overview

This session introduces attendees to our new AI Core services for prompt optimizations and evaluation. 

Get hands-on experience with the prompt editor, registry, and benchmarking tools available from the generative AI hub capability in SAP AI Core. You can compare models, evaluate performance, and optimize prompts. Learn how to build resilient, model-agnostic AI workflows and avoid vendor lock-in.

## Requirements

The exercise can be completed with different tools of choice:
- SAP AI Launchpad (web-based UI)
- Bruno API client (desktop application)
- Jupyter Notebook / VSCode (local development environment)

Depending on your choice requirements vary and are described in the respective exercise readme files.

## Exercises

Let's get started with the exercises!

- [Getting Started](exercises/ex0/)
- [Exercise 1 - Setup](exercises/ex1/)
- [Exercise 2 - Evaluate the original prompt](exercises/ex2/)
- [Exercise 3 - Optimize the original prompt](exercises/ex3/)
- [Exercise 4 - Evaluate the optimized prompt](exercises/ex4/)
  
**IMPORTANT**

## Contributing
Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand the contribution guidelines.

## Code of Conduct
Please read the [SAP Open Source Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP-samples/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## How to obtain support

Support for the content in this repository is available during the actual time of the online session for which this content has been designed. Otherwise, you may request support via the [Issues](../../issues) tab.

## License
Copyright (c) 2025 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This project is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt) file.
